fix: prevent race condition in unauthorized handler (#761)
adfinis/ember-simple-auth-oidc: README.md

Authenticated routes need to call `session.requireAuthentication` in their
respective `beforeModel`, to ensure that unauthenticated transitions are
prevented and redirected to the authentication route. It's recommended to 

> await the `beforeModel` hook, to circumvent eventual `401` responses, which
> in turn can lead to redirect-loops.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
await the `beforeModel` hook, to make sure authentication is handled before other API calls are triggered (which might lead to `401` responses, potentially causing redirect loops).
```

**enablePkce** `<Boolean>` (optional)
Enables PKCE mechanism to provide additional protection during code to token exchanges. Default is `false`.

**unauthorizedRequestRedirectTimeout** `<Number>` (optional)

> Debounce timeout for redirection after (multiple) `401` responses are received. Set to `0` for disabling debouncing the handler. Default is `1000`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Debounce timeout for redirection after (multiple) `401` responses are received to prevent redirect loops (at the cost of a small delay). Set to `0` to disable debouncing. Default is `1000`.
```
